README.md, before:

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/sodapy.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/py/sodapy) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/xmunoz/sodapy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/xmunoz/sodapy)

# sodapy
Python bindings for the Socrata Open Data API

## Installation
You can install with `pip install sodapy`.

If you want to install from source, then clone this repository and run `python setup.py install` from the project root.

## Requirements

At its core, this library depends heavily on the [Requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/) package. All other requirements can be found in [requirements.txt](https://github.com/xmunoz/sodapy/blob/master/requirements.txt). `sodapy` is currently compatible with Python 2.7, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, and 3.6.

## Documentation

The [official Socrata API docs](http://dev.socrata.com/) provide thorough documentation of the available methods, as well as other client libraries. A quick list of eligible domains to use with the API is available [here](https://opendata.socrata.com/dataset/Socrata-Customer-Spotlights/6wk3-4ija).

## Examples

There are some [jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) notebooks in the [examples directory](examples) with usages examples of sodapy in action.

## Interface

### Table of Contents

- [client](#client)
- [`get`](#getdataset_identifier-content_typejson-kwargs)
- [`get_metadata`](#get_metadatadataset_identifier-content_typejson)
- [`update_metadata`](#update_metadatadataset_identifier-update_fields-content_typejson)
- [`download_attachments`](#download_attachmentsdataset_identifier-content_typejson-download_dirsodapy_downloads)
- [`create`](#createname-kwargs)
- [`publish`](#publishdataset_identifier-content_typejson)
- [`set_permission`](#set_permissiondataset_identifier-permissionprivate-content_typejson)
- [`upsert`](#upsertdataset_identifier-payload-content_typejson)
- [`replace`](#replacedataset_identifier-payload-content_typejson)
- [`create_non_data_file`](#create_non_data_fileparams-file_obj)
- [`replace_non_data_file`](#replace_non_data_filedataset_identifier-params-file_obj)
- [`delete`](#deletedataset_identifier-row_idnone-content_typejson)
- [`close`](#close)

### client

Import the library and set up a connection to get started.

    >>> from sodapy import Socrata
    >>> client = Socrata("sandbox.demo.socrata.com", "FakeAppToken", username="fakeuser@somedomain.com", password="ndKS92mS01msjJKs")

`username` and `password` are only required for creating or modifying data. An application token isn't strictly required (can be `None`), but queries executed from a client without an application token will be subjected to strict throttling limits. To create a bare-bones client:

    >>> client = Socrata("sandbox.demo.socrata.com", None)

A client can also be created with a context manager to obviate the need for teardown:

    >>> with Socrata("sandbox.demo.socrata.com", None) as client:
    >>>    # do some stuff

The client, by default, makes requests over HTTPS. To modify this behavior, or to make requests through a proxy, take a look [here](https://github.com/xmunoz/sodapy/issues/31#issuecomment-302176628).

### get(dataset_identifier, content_type="json", **kwargs)

Retrieve data from the requested resources. Filter and query data by field name, id, or using [SoQL keywords](https://dev.socrata.com/docs/queries/).

    >>> client.get("nimj-3ivp", limit=2)
	[{u'geolocation': {u'latitude': u'41.1085', u'needs_recoding': False, u'longitude': u'-117.6135'}, u'version': u'9', u'source': u'nn', u'region': u'Nevada', u'occurred_at': u'2012-09-14T22:38:01', u'number_of_stations': u'15', u'depth': u'7.60', u'magnitude': u'2.7', u'earthquake_id': u'00388610'}, {...}]

	>>> client.get("nimj-3ivp", where="depth > 300", order="magnitude DESC", exclude_system_fields=False)
	[{u'geolocation': {u'latitude': u'-15.563', u'needs_recoding': False, u'longitude': u'-175.6104'}, u'version': u'9', u':updated_at': 1348778988, u'number_of_stations': u'275', u'region': u'Tonga', u':created_meta': u'21484', u'occurred_at': u'2012-09-13T21:16:43', u':id': 132, u'source': u'us', u'depth': u'328.30', u'magnitude': u'4.8', u':meta': u'{\n}', u':updated_meta': u'21484', u'earthquake_id': u'c000cnb5', u':created_at': 1348778988}, {...}]

    >>> client.get("nimj-3ivp/193", exclude_system_fields=False)
    {u'geolocation': {u'latitude': u'21.6711', u'needs_recoding': False, u'longitude': u'142.9236'}, u'version': u'C', u':updated_at': 1348778988, u'number_of_stations': u'136', u'region': u'Mariana Islands region', u':created_meta': u'21484', u'occurred_at': u'2012-09-13T11:19:07', u':id': 193, u'source': u'us', u'depth': u'300.70', u'magnitude': u'4.4', u':meta': u'{\n}', u':updated_meta': u'21484', u':position': 193, u'earthquake_id': u'c000cmsq', u':created_at': 1348778988}

    >>> client.get("nimj-3ivp", region="Kansas")
	[{u'geolocation': {u'latitude': u'38.10', u'needs_recoding': False, u'longitude': u'-100.6135'}, u'version': u'9', u'source': u'nn', u'region': u'Kansas', u'occurred_at': u'2010-09-19T20:52:09', u'number_of_stations': u'15', u'depth': u'300.0', u'magnitude': u'1.9', u'earthquake_id': u'00189621'}, {...}]

### get_metadata(dataset_identifier, content_type="json")

Retrieve the metadata associated with a particular dataset.

    >>> client.get_metadata("nimj-3ivp")
    {"newBackend": false, "licenseId": "CC0_10", "publicationDate": 1436655117, "viewLastModified": 1451289003, "owner": {"roleName": "administrator", "rights": [], "displayName": "Brett", "id": "cdqe-xcn5", "screenName": "Brett"}, "query": {}, "id": "songs", "createdAt": 1398014181, "category": "Public Safety", "publicationAppendEnabled": true, "publicationStage": "published", "rowsUpdatedBy": "cdqe-xcn5", "publicationGroup": 1552205, "displayType": "table", "state": "normal", "attributionLink": "http://foo.bar.com", "tableId": 3523378, "columns": [], "metadata": {"rdfSubject": "0", "renderTypeConfig": {"visible": {"table": true}}, "availableDisplayTypes": ["table", "fatrow", "page"], "attachments": ... }}

### update_metadata(dataset_identifier, update_fields, content_type="json")

Update the metadata for a particular dataset. `update_fields` should be a dictionary containing only the metadata keys that you wish to overwrite.

Note: Invalid payloads to this method could corrupt the dataset or visualization. See [this comment](https://github.com/xmunoz/sodapy/issues/22#issuecomment-249971379) for more information.

    >>> client.update_metadata("nimj-3ivp", {"attributionLink": "https://anothertest.com"})
    {"newBackend": false, "licenseId": "CC0_10", "publicationDate": 1436655117, "viewLastModified": 1451289003, "owner": {"roleName": "administrator", "rights": [], "displayName": "Brett", "id": "cdqe-xcn5", "screenName": "Brett"}, "query": {}, "id": "songs", "createdAt": 1398014181, "category": "Public Safety", "publicationAppendEnabled": true, "publicationStage": "published", "rowsUpdatedBy": "cdqe-xcn5", "publicationGroup": 1552205, "displayType": "table", "state": "normal", "attributionLink": "https://anothertest.com", "tableId": 3523378, "columns": [], "metadata": {"rdfSubject": "0", "renderTypeConfig": {"visible": {"table": true}}, "availableDisplayTypes": ["table", "fatrow", "page"], "attachments": ... }}

### download_attachments(dataset_identifier, content_type="json", download_dir="~/sodapy_downloads")

Download all attachments associated with a dataset. Return a list of paths to the downloaded files.

    >>> client.download_attachments("nimj-3ivp", download_dir="~/Desktop")
        ['/Users/xmunoz/Desktop/nimj-3ivp/FireIncident_Codes.PDF', '/Users/xmunoz/Desktop/nimj-3ivp/AccidentReport.jpg']

### create(name, **kwargs)

Create a new dataset. Optionally, specify keyword args such as:

- `description` description of the dataset
- `columns` list of fields
- `category` dataset category (must exist in /admin/metadata)
- `tags` list of tag strings
- `row_identifier` field name of primary key
- `new_backend` whether to create the dataset in the new backend

Example usage:

	>>> columns = [{"fieldName": "delegation", "name": "Delegation", "dataTypeName": "text"}, {"fieldName": "members", "name": "Members", "dataTypeName": "number"}]
	>>> tags = ["politics", "geography"]
	>>> client.create("Delegates", description="List of delegates", columns=columns, row_identifier="delegation", tags=tags, category="Transparency")
	{u'id': u'2frc-hyvj', u'name': u'Foo Bar', u'description': u'test dataset', u'publicationStage': u'unpublished', u'columns': [ { u'name': u'Foo', u'dataTypeName': u'text', u'fieldName': u'foo', ... }, { u'name': u'Bar', u'dataTypeName': u'number', u'fieldName': u'bar', ... } ], u'metadata': { u'rowIdentifier': 230641051 }, ... }

### publish(dataset_identifier, content_type="json")

Publish a dataset after creating it, i.e. take it out of 'working copy' mode. The dataset id `id` returned from `create` will be used to publish.

	>>> client.publish("2frc-hyvj")
	{u'id': u'2frc-hyvj', u'name': u'Foo Bar', u'description': u'test dataset', u'publicationStage': u'unpublished', u'columns': [ { u'name': u'Foo', u'dataTypeName': u'text', u'fieldName': u'foo', ... }, { u'name': u'Bar', u'dataTypeName': u'number', u'fieldName': u'bar', ... } ], u'metadata': { u'rowIdentifier': 230641051 }, ... }

### set_permission(dataset_identifier, permission="private", content_type="json")

Set the permissions of a dataset to public or private.

	>>> client.set_permission("2frc-hyvj", "public")
	<Response [200]>

### upsert(dataset_identifier, payload, content_type="json")

Create a new row in an existing dataset.

    >>> data = [{'Delegation': 'AJU', 'Name': 'Alaska', 'Key': 'AL', 'Entity': 'Juneau'}]
    >>> client.upsert("eb9n-hr43", data)
	{u'Errors': 0, u'Rows Deleted': 0, u'Rows Updated': 0, u'By SID': 0, u'Rows Created': 1, u'By RowIdentifier': 0}

Update/Delete rows in a dataset.

    >>> data = [{'Delegation': 'sfa', ':id': 8, 'Name': 'bar', 'Key': 'doo', 'Entity': 'dsfsd'}, {':id': 7, ':deleted': True}]
	>>> client.upsert("eb9n-hr43", data)
	{u'Errors': 0, u'Rows Deleted': 1, u'Rows Updated': 1, u'By SID': 2, u'Rows Created': 0, u'By RowIdentifier': 0}

`upsert`'s can even be performed with a csv file.

	>>> data = open("upsert_test.csv")
	>>> client.upsert("eb9n-hr43", data)
	{u'Errors': 0, u'Rows Deleted': 0, u'Rows Updated': 1, u'By SID': 1, u'Rows Created': 0, u'By RowIdentifier': 0}

### replace(dataset_identifier, payload, content_type="json")

Similar in usage to `upsert`, but overwrites existing data.

	>>> data = open("replace_test.csv")
	>>> client.replace("eb9n-hr43", data)
	{u'Errors': 0, u'Rows Deleted': 0, u'Rows Updated': 0, u'By SID': 0, u'Rows Created': 12, u'By RowIdentifier': 0}

### create_non_data_file(params, file_obj)

Creates a new file-based dataset with the name provided in the files
tuple.  A valid file input would be:

```
files = (
    {'file': ("gtfs2", open('myfile.zip', 'rb'))}
)
```

    >>> with open(nondatafile_path, 'rb') as f:
    >>>     files = (
    >>>         {'file': ("nondatafile.zip", f)}
    >>>     )
    >>>     response = client.create_non_data_file(params, files)

### replace_non_data_file(dataset_identifier, params, file_obj)

Same as create_non_data_file, but replaces a file that already exists in a
file-based dataset.  

Note: a table-based dataset cannot be replaced by a file-based dataset. Use create_non_data_file in order to replace.

    >>>  with open(nondatafile_path, 'rb') as f:
    >>>      files = (
    >>>          {'file': ("nondatafile.zip", f)}
    >>>      )
    >>>      response = client.replace_non_data_file(DATASET_IDENTIFIER, {}, files)


### delete(dataset_identifier, row_id=None, content_type="json")

Delete an individual row.

	>>> client.delete("nimj-3ivp", row_id=2)
	<Response [200]>

Delete the entire dataset.

	>>> client.delete("nimj-3ivp")
	<Response [200]>

### close()

Close the session when you're finished.

	>>> client.close()

## Run tests

    $ pytest

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/xmunoz/sodapy/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Update documentation for datasets endpoint

README.md, after:

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/sodapy.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/py/sodapy) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/xmunoz/sodapy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/xmunoz/sodapy)

# sodapy
Python bindings for the Socrata Open Data API

## Installation
You can install with `pip install sodapy`.

If you want to install from source, then clone this repository and run `python setup.py install` from the project root.

## Requirements

At its core, this library depends heavily on the [Requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/) package. All other requirements can be found in [requirements.txt](https://github.com/xmunoz/sodapy/blob/master/requirements.txt). `sodapy` is currently compatible with Python 2.7, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, and 3.6.

## Documentation

The [official Socrata API docs](http://dev.socrata.com/) provide thorough documentation of the available methods, as well as other client libraries. A quick list of eligible domains to use with the API is available [here](https://opendata.socrata.com/dataset/Socrata-Customer-Spotlights/6wk3-4ija).

## Examples

There are some [jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) notebooks in the [examples directory](examples) with usages examples of sodapy in action.

## Interface

### Table of Contents

- [client](#client)
- [`datasets`](#datasetslimit0-offset0)
- [`get`](#getdataset_identifier-content_typejson-kwargs)
- [`get_metadata`](#get_metadatadataset_identifier-content_typejson)
- [`update_metadata`](#update_metadatadataset_identifier-update_fields-content_typejson)
- [`download_attachments`](#download_attachmentsdataset_identifier-content_typejson-download_dirsodapy_downloads)
- [`create`](#createname-kwargs)
- [`publish`](#publishdataset_identifier-content_typejson)
- [`set_permission`](#set_permissiondataset_identifier-permissionprivate-content_typejson)
- [`upsert`](#upsertdataset_identifier-payload-content_typejson)
- [`replace`](#replacedataset_identifier-payload-content_typejson)
- [`create_non_data_file`](#create_non_data_fileparams-file_obj)
- [`replace_non_data_file`](#replace_non_data_filedataset_identifier-params-file_obj)
- [`delete`](#deletedataset_identifier-row_idnone-content_typejson)
- [`close`](#close)

### client

Import the library and set up a connection to get started.

    >>> from sodapy import Socrata
    >>> client = Socrata("sandbox.demo.socrata.com", "FakeAppToken", username="fakeuser@somedomain.com", password="ndKS92mS01msjJKs")

`username` and `password` are only required for creating or modifying data. An application token isn't strictly required (can be `None`), but queries executed from a client without an application token will be subjected to strict throttling limits. To create a bare-bones client:

    >>> client = Socrata("sandbox.demo.socrata.com", None)

A client can also be created with a context manager to obviate the need for teardown:

    >>> with Socrata("sandbox.demo.socrata.com", None) as client:
    >>>    # do some stuff

The client, by default, makes requests over HTTPS. To modify this behavior, or to make requests through a proxy, take a look [here](https://github.com/xmunoz/sodapy/issues/31#issuecomment-302176628).

### datasets(limit=0, offset=0)

Retrieve datasets associated with a particular domain. The optional `limit` and `offset` keyword args can be used to retrieve a subset of the datasets. By default, all datasets are returned.

    >>> client.datasets()
    [{"resource" : {"name" : "Approved Building Permits", "id" : "msk6-43c6", "parent_fxf" : null, "description" : "Data of approved building/construction permits",...}, {resource : {...}}, ...]

### get(dataset_identifier, content_type="json", **kwargs)

Retrieve data from the requested resources. Filter and query data by field name, id, or using [SoQL keywords](https://dev.socrata.com/docs/queries/).

    >>> client.get("nimj-3ivp", limit=2)
	[{u'geolocation': {u'latitude': u'41.1085', u'needs_recoding': False, u'longitude': u'-117.6135'}, u'version': u'9', u'source': u'nn', u'region': u'Nevada', u'occurred_at': u'2012-09-14T22:38:01', u'number_of_stations': u'15', u'depth': u'7.60', u'magnitude': u'2.7', u'earthquake_id': u'00388610'}, {...}]

	>>> client.get("nimj-3ivp", where="depth > 300", order="magnitude DESC", exclude_system_fields=False)
	[{u'geolocation': {u'latitude': u'-15.563', u'needs_recoding': False, u'longitude': u'-175.6104'}, u'version': u'9', u':updated_at': 1348778988, u'number_of_stations': u'275', u'region': u'Tonga', u':created_meta': u'21484', u'occurred_at': u'2012-09-13T21:16:43', u':id': 132, u'source': u'us', u'depth': u'328.30', u'magnitude': u'4.8', u':meta': u'{\n}', u':updated_meta': u'21484', u'earthquake_id': u'c000cnb5', u':created_at': 1348778988}, {...}]

    >>> client.get("nimj-3ivp/193", exclude_system_fields=False)
    {u'geolocation': {u'latitude': u'21.6711', u'needs_recoding': False, u'longitude': u'142.9236'}, u'version': u'C', u':updated_at': 1348778988, u'number_of_stations': u'136', u'region': u'Mariana Islands region', u':created_meta': u'21484', u'occurred_at': u'2012-09-13T11:19:07', u':id': 193, u'source': u'us', u'depth': u'300.70', u'magnitude': u'4.4', u':meta': u'{\n}', u':updated_meta': u'21484', u':position': 193, u'earthquake_id': u'c000cmsq', u':created_at': 1348778988}

    >>> client.get("nimj-3ivp", region="Kansas")
	[{u'geolocation': {u'latitude': u'38.10', u'needs_recoding': False, u'longitude': u'-100.6135'}, u'version': u'9', u'source': u'nn', u'region': u'Kansas', u'occurred_at': u'2010-09-19T20:52:09', u'number_of_stations': u'15', u'depth': u'300.0', u'magnitude': u'1.9', u'earthquake_id': u'00189621'}, {...}]

### get_metadata(dataset_identifier, content_type="json")

Retrieve the metadata associated with a particular dataset.

    >>> client.get_metadata("nimj-3ivp")
    {"newBackend": false, "licenseId": "CC0_10", "publicationDate": 1436655117, "viewLastModified": 1451289003, "owner": {"roleName": "administrator", "rights": [], "displayName": "Brett", "id": "cdqe-xcn5", "screenName": "Brett"}, "query": {}, "id": "songs", "createdAt": 1398014181, "category": "Public Safety", "publicationAppendEnabled": true, "publicationStage": "published", "rowsUpdatedBy": "cdqe-xcn5", "publicationGroup": 1552205, "displayType": "table", "state": "normal", "attributionLink": "http://foo.bar.com", "tableId": 3523378, "columns": [], "metadata": {"rdfSubject": "0", "renderTypeConfig": {"visible": {"table": true}}, "availableDisplayTypes": ["table", "fatrow", "page"], "attachments": ... }}

### update_metadata(dataset_identifier, update_fields, content_type="json")

Update the metadata for a particular dataset. `update_fields` should be a dictionary containing only the metadata keys that you wish to overwrite.

Note: Invalid payloads to this method could corrupt the dataset or visualization. See [this comment](https://github.com/xmunoz/sodapy/issues/22#issuecomment-249971379) for more information.

    >>> client.update_metadata("nimj-3ivp", {"attributionLink": "https://anothertest.com"})
    {"newBackend": false, "licenseId": "CC0_10", "publicationDate": 1436655117, "viewLastModified": 1451289003, "owner": {"roleName": "administrator", "rights": [], "displayName": "Brett", "id": "cdqe-xcn5", "screenName": "Brett"}, "query": {}, "id": "songs", "createdAt": 1398014181, "category": "Public Safety", "publicationAppendEnabled": true, "publicationStage": "published", "rowsUpdatedBy": "cdqe-xcn5", "publicationGroup": 1552205, "displayType": "table", "state": "normal", "attributionLink": "https://anothertest.com", "tableId": 3523378, "columns": [], "metadata": {"rdfSubject": "0", "renderTypeConfig": {"visible": {"table": true}}, "availableDisplayTypes": ["table", "fatrow", "page"], "attachments": ... }}

### download_attachments(dataset_identifier, content_type="json", download_dir="~/sodapy_downloads")

Download all attachments associated with a dataset. Return a list of paths to the downloaded files.

    >>> client.download_attachments("nimj-3ivp", download_dir="~/Desktop")
        ['/Users/xmunoz/Desktop/nimj-3ivp/FireIncident_Codes.PDF', '/Users/xmunoz/Desktop/nimj-3ivp/AccidentReport.jpg']

### create(name, **kwargs)

Create a new dataset. Optionally, specify keyword args such as:

- `description` description of the dataset
- `columns` list of fields
- `category` dataset category (must exist in /admin/metadata)
- `tags` list of tag strings
- `row_identifier` field name of primary key
- `new_backend` whether to create the dataset in the new backend

Example usage:

	>>> columns = [{"fieldName": "delegation", "name": "Delegation", "dataTypeName": "text"}, {"fieldName": "members", "name": "Members", "dataTypeName": "number"}]
	>>> tags = ["politics", "geography"]
	>>> client.create("Delegates", description="List of delegates", columns=columns, row_identifier="delegation", tags=tags, category="Transparency")
	{u'id': u'2frc-hyvj', u'name': u'Foo Bar', u'description': u'test dataset', u'publicationStage': u'unpublished', u'columns': [ { u'name': u'Foo', u'dataTypeName': u'text', u'fieldName': u'foo', ... }, { u'name': u'Bar', u'dataTypeName': u'number', u'fieldName': u'bar', ... } ], u'metadata': { u'rowIdentifier': 230641051 }, ... }

### publish(dataset_identifier, content_type="json")

Publish a dataset after creating it, i.e. take it out of 'working copy' mode. The dataset id `id` returned from `create` will be used to publish.

	>>> client.publish("2frc-hyvj")
	{u'id': u'2frc-hyvj', u'name': u'Foo Bar', u'description': u'test dataset', u'publicationStage': u'unpublished', u'columns': [ { u'name': u'Foo', u'dataTypeName': u'text', u'fieldName': u'foo', ... }, { u'name': u'Bar', u'dataTypeName': u'number', u'fieldName': u'bar', ... } ], u'metadata': { u'rowIdentifier': 230641051 }, ... }

### set_permission(dataset_identifier, permission="private", content_type="json")

Set the permissions of a dataset to public or private.

	>>> client.set_permission("2frc-hyvj", "public")
	<Response [200]>

### upsert(dataset_identifier, payload, content_type="json")

Create a new row in an existing dataset.

    >>> data = [{'Delegation': 'AJU', 'Name': 'Alaska', 'Key': 'AL', 'Entity': 'Juneau'}]
    >>> client.upsert("eb9n-hr43", data)
	{u'Errors': 0, u'Rows Deleted': 0, u'Rows Updated': 0, u'By SID': 0, u'Rows Created': 1, u'By RowIdentifier': 0}

Update/Delete rows in a dataset.

    >>> data = [{'Delegation': 'sfa', ':id': 8, 'Name': 'bar', 'Key': 'doo', 'Entity': 'dsfsd'}, {':id': 7, ':deleted': True}]
	>>> client.upsert("eb9n-hr43", data)
	{u'Errors': 0, u'Rows Deleted': 1, u'Rows Updated': 1, u'By SID': 2, u'Rows Created': 0, u'By RowIdentifier': 0}

`upsert`'s can even be performed with a csv file.

	>>> data = open("upsert_test.csv")
	>>> client.upsert("eb9n-hr43", data)
	{u'Errors': 0, u'Rows Deleted': 0, u'Rows Updated': 1, u'By SID': 1, u'Rows Created': 0, u'By RowIdentifier': 0}

### replace(dataset_identifier, payload, content_type="json")

Similar in usage to `upsert`, but overwrites existing data.

	>>> data = open("replace_test.csv")
	>>> client.replace("eb9n-hr43", data)
	{u'Errors': 0, u'Rows Deleted': 0, u'Rows Updated': 0, u'By SID': 0, u'Rows Created': 12, u'By RowIdentifier': 0}

### create_non_data_file(params, file_obj)

Creates a new file-based dataset with the name provided in the files
tuple.  A valid file input would be:

```
files = (
    {'file': ("gtfs2", open('myfile.zip', 'rb'))}
)
```

    >>> with open(nondatafile_path, 'rb') as f:
    >>>     files = (
    >>>         {'file': ("nondatafile.zip", f)}
    >>>     )
    >>>     response = client.create_non_data_file(params, files)

### replace_non_data_file(dataset_identifier, params, file_obj)

Same as create_non_data_file, but replaces a file that already exists in a
file-based dataset.  

Note: a table-based dataset cannot be replaced by a file-based dataset. Use create_non_data_file in order to replace.

    >>>  with open(nondatafile_path, 'rb') as f:
    >>>      files = (
    >>>          {'file': ("nondatafile.zip", f)}
    >>>      )
    >>>      response = client.replace_non_data_file(DATASET_IDENTIFIER, {}, files)


### delete(dataset_identifier, row_id=None, content_type="json")

Delete an individual row.

	>>> client.delete("nimj-3ivp", row_id=2)
	<Response [200]>

Delete the entire dataset.

	>>> client.delete("nimj-3ivp")
	<Response [200]>

### close()

Close the session when you're finished.

	>>> client.close()

## Run tests

    $ pytest

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/xmunoz/sodapy/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
